User dictionary settings API (#255)
meilisearch/specifications: text/0123-user-dictionary-settings-api.md

# Dictionary Setting API

## 1. Summary

This specification describes the `dictionary` index setting API endpoints.

## 2. Motivation
N/A

## 3. Functional Specification

### 3.1. Explanations

The `dictionary` index setting allows the configuration of a list of words for which the segmentation is overriden in search queries and indexing. The dictionary's words contained in a search query will be segmented as defined in the dictionary.

#### 3.1.1. Usage Example

Suppose a database contains books with authors. Some athors contains separators in their names like `J. R. R. Tolkien` or `J. K. Rowling`. To set `J. R. R.` and `J. K.` words in the dictionary, it can be specified the following way.

***Request payload `PUT`- `/indexes/articles/settings/dictionary`***
```json
["J. R. R.", "J. K."]
```

> By adding authors names as `J. R. R.` and `J. K.` to the dictionary, Meilisearch consider them as unique words instead of splitting them in several parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding authors' names as `J. R. R.` and `J. K.` to the dictionary, Meilisearch considers them as unique words instead of splitting them into several parts.
```

###### 3.3.3.3.1. Asynchronous Index Not Found Error

- 🔴 If the requested `index_uid` does not exist, the API returns an [index_not_found](0061-error-format-and-definitions.md#index_not_found) error in the related async `task` resource. See [3.3.3.1. Response Definition](#3331-response-definition).

#### 3.3.4. General Errors

These errors apply to all endpoints described here.

##### 3.3.4.1 Auth Errors

The auth layer can return the following errors if Meilisearch is secured (a master-key is defined).

- 🔴 Accessing this route without the `Authorization` header returns a [missing_authorization_header](0061-error-format-and-definitions.md#missing_authorization_header) error.
- 🔴 Accessing this route with a key that does not have permissions (i.e. other than the master-key) returns an [invalid_api_key](0061-error-format-and-definitions.md#invalid_api_key) error.

## 4. Technical Details

### 4.1. Triggering Documents Re-Indexing

Meilisearch favors search speed and makes a trade-off on indexing speed by computing internal data structures to get search results as fast as possible.

> Modifying this index setting cause documents to be re-indexed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modifying this index setting causes documents to be re-indexed.
```
